So let's copy and paste this and
let's do this first in TypeScript.
Now I did add this question at the very,
very, very end, and so
let's see if I successfully
do it first try.
I assume I'll do this first try, if I have
a mod in the chat you can even do a bet,
will I get this?
First try, I will not be upset.
All right, so let's do a quick
function getInput, string,
return, grave, paste, there we go.
Yes, I do not, okay, so fun,
little side note, I do not do this.
Okay, you're just not gonna
see me do that, I'm sorry.
I know there's some people out there like,
well, you should man.
First off, you're not actually technically
saving any amount of space here, right?
It's pretty much the same, but
there's lexical binding to this and
I don't need this, so why would I include
a feature I'm not gonna use when writing?
Okay, maybe that's a little too pedantic
for most people writing JavaScript, for
me personally, if I'm not gonna use this,
I don't want to include it.
Okay, anyways, weird conversation,
okay, we can go on.
So how should we go about doing this?
Does anyone have any ideas that they
think would be a good idea here?
Cuz I have some pretty fun tricks, but
it would be kind of good
to hear what you think.
Should we create any new structs,
should we create any enums?
How should we do this?
>> At least an enum for the tree and snow.
>> Okay, let's do that right now.
I don't know what, let's see.
Thing, we'll just call a thing,
cuz honestly, who knows what this
thing's called, a place, right?
There we go, we'll call it a thing,
make it easy, right?
There we go, we have Tree and
Snow, that makes sense.
So that means if we're gonna do that,
we're gonna have to first
parse the string, right?
So getInput, and let's split as we
always do on the new line, correct?
Everyone's kinda with me there, and
then now I need to do something
a little bit different.
I need to do a map, And again,
split on the empty string,
this will just simply blow our string into
individual characters, kind of a nice
little trick to do right there.
And then we can map that and
we can say if x equals
that return a Thing Snow, else Thing Tree.
Is that about looking good, const things?
There we go, so now we have
this double thing array, right?
And so now we really need to take this and
actually start from 00, and
walk our way through and
make sure that we're always wrapping.
And so wrapping of course, whenever you
hear this, you should always think modulo.
I know this is not a course on interview
questions, but it's actually a really good
thing to always remember,
always use modulo when this happens.
So that means we need to find out first,
what is the length of our columns, right?
How many columns do we have?
It is a square, so I can do something like
this, collen = things(0).length, right?
That is really the length of our columns,
correct?
Awesome.
After that, we can start walking through
this and count how many trees we hit.
So I'm gonna go like this,
treeCount = 0, and now we can do a nice,
let's just use a delicious
closure to capture this.
And so we can go things,
(, that's terrible name,
thingRow, this of course
is a list of this, and
one kind of neat aspect about this
is that what information do we know?
We know that every single time we go down,
we also need to go three over.
So let's do a little fun trick here.
Let's go like this,
let's also include our position, right?
Cuz this is our row that
we're currently at,
which means that we can
do something like this.
thingRow(i * 3 % collen), right?
So starting at the 0 throw,
i * 3 is still 0.
At the first row, we're over 3,
at the second row we're over 6,
at the third row we're over 9.
And you can see how that works, and
then we're just always wrapping around.
So we're always just walking to the side
and going through them, all right?
Awesome, and now we can go like this.
If this thing equals Thing.Tree, well,
we can go treeCount++; and of course,
I'm on that semicolon camp, ("TreeCount",
treeCount), boom, there we go.
So we have that right there,
we've walked through, we've grabbed them,
did the sweet modulo right there,
everything seems about correct.
If you're worried about order of
operations, you can always look up how
it executes, or you can just do this
just to guarantee it in your head.
If it's easier to read you can do that.
But it should have the same precedent as
multiplication so that should come first.
And now if we do, do an MPX TS node part
three, it should show us hopefully 7,
yep, it shows us 7.
Okay, so
that's how many trees we should hit is 7.
So there we go, we've done it,
we've correctly done this.
We don't actually technically have to do
an enum if you really think about it,
we actually only need
to go over each line.
Since we already have this, we can grab
the string character at that position.
And then from there we can just
do the little modulo math,
if it's a pound sign count them
all together, we're good to go.
And so it's kind of a little
clever way we could do this.
Anyways, just thought I'd throw that out
there, sounds like a little fun thing,
I don't know, I think it's kinda fun,
I don't know.